---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# 2023 May 1st

## 1️⃣ Repyh

---

De-Sequencer + SolanaVM + L1 state async L2

---

> Repyh is a zero-knowledge rollup project founded by Ole, who holds a PhD in machine learning, mathematics and zero-knowledge proofs from the London School of Economics.

Repyh proposes parallel sequencers and permissioned shards to achieve higher efficiency and throughput. It adopts the Solana VM and community as layer 2. Repyh's sharding uses a central sequencer and has the same global state. It can rent out sequencers and ad space to large blockchains. Repyh marks a significant increase in efficiency for rollup sharding.

- **Website:** none
- **Looking For:** 2M Fund Raised, co-led by Maven11, Figment, Stratos, over-subscriped, next round pending, advised by Wei Dai from 1kx, previously Bain Crypto

## 2️⃣ CoinArcade

---

Hyper-casual All-in-one Game Platform + Onboarding + UX

---

> CoinAracade is a crypto-native gaming platform that provides casual games and an internal economy.

Though retaining single games is challenging, CoinAracade links assets to achieve a closed loop from logging in, earning tokens, staking, minting NFTs, and competing in championships. It requires skill-based games where players can earn roles by staking. CoinAracade offers weekly NFT games and rankings. It has a token economy for importing, staking, buying props, and governance. CoinAracade acquires customers through Web3, social media, advertising, and live streaming.

- **Funding:**
  - **Seed:** 1.5M@15M for 10% equity, 1 equity for 2 token warrant. TGE at 10%, 2yrs Cliff
  - **Burn Rate**: for up to 1 year
  - **Investors:** Binance(pending), Okx Venture and Okx Wallet(pending), Sequetia(SEA), MEXC(pending), gate(pending)

## 3️⃣ Layer2 Labs

---

BTC Hardfork(23Q3) + BIP300/301 + Drivechains

---

> Drivechain is a Bitcoin sidechain project started in 2017 to upgrade Bitcoin and provide more income sources. Drivechain aims to give Bitcoin a safe exit from its upgrade issues. It began coding in 2017 to upgrade Bitcoin sidechains where anyone can set up sidechains and miners earn fees. Drivechain earns fees through UTXO and 95% consensus. Industry leaders like Blockstream's Adam Back and Fiatjaf support Drivechain. Drivechain will issue 1:1 MC tokens to launch Bitcoin's hard fork, gaining miner support and issuing tokens.

**CEO/CTO:** Paul Sztorc, BIP300/301 engineer, Vitalik trolls him in 2017 on [TruthCoin Blog](https://www.truthcoin.info/)

- **Roadmap:** Testing in 2023 Q3, Hardforking in 2023 Q4
- **Funding**
  - **Angel(completed)**: Bitcoin Angels
  - **Equity**:
    - $26.25 million USD raise
    - $24.61 per share
    - 1,066,666 shares total
    - 10% of company’s equity
    - company valuation: $262.5 million USD
  - **Token**:
    - $26.25 million USD raise
    - $150 per MC coin
    - 19.3 million MC will exist upon the hardfork (same current supply as 19.3 million BTC), total supply market cap : $2.89 billion USD
    - 175,000 MC coins available for this round

## 4️⃣ Wasabi

---

Best NFT Options + Mainnet Live + Seasonal Incentive

---

> Wasabi offers NFT perpetuals, options and vaults with a maker/taker model, variable AMMs where the protocol covers the other side of the bet, and auto-liquidation bots. Wasabi uses oracles and Sudoswap's auditor Zelic. It has fuzzy token rights and profits from fees, loot boxes, points and winnings. Wasabi’s ecosystem advantage provides the best pricing and top players.

**Team**: [Eren](https://twitter.com/0xEren)(CEO) from Brown, [Hasan](https://twitter.com/wasabi_dev)(CTO) from Cornel
**Advisor**: BlackRock, Plantir, Polygon Insti/Quant, Coinbase, Kraken, Github, Flowgorithm, Bridgewater, Consensys
**Keys**: The best UI/UX NFT option outthere, 1st Completed Product on Mainnet, Savy Development Speed

- **Funding**
  - **Seed**: 2.4M@24M, 1M(pending), waiting for lead, SAFT
  - **Pending Investors**:
    - Beacon Sandeep's Accelerator: Early-stage blockchain accelerator
    - TKX Capital: Venture capital firm
    - Shannon Sweeney: Managing Director at JP Morgan
    - Etherhound.eth: 3rd NFT-backed lender
    - Spencer.vc: 5th DeFi trader
    - Pushkar Lugani: Limited partner in multiple funds
    - Horizons Law: Previous general counsel of Solana
    - Can: Founder of Secret Network
    - Hamzah Khan: Head of DeFi at Polygon
